Hi Finally we are going to talk about back propagation.
This is why we needed this partial derivatives term.
This is why we have been discussing the gradients.
This is why we have been discussing no doubt.
And so on.
So this is the equation we are going to implement basically and this is the equation we are going to
use the day the educators.
Why.
Because we have came to the conclusion that OK the information is encoded in the educators for an hour
and that if we change the educates a little bit then the output is going to change a little bit.
And sometimes we have to change the output because we came to the conclusion that the output is not
equal to the output we should get.
So the change in the educate at a given iteration For example if we are talking about time intervals
the change of the weights at time t is equal to the learning in great times this partial derivative.
Basically this is the gradient Plus the momentum at times the previous change in Edge weight from previous
iteration.
So that's why this is the iteration of for at the time.
And this is the change in the weights in the T MINUS 1 time interval.
So what's very important that we have to call stands the learning rate and the momentum and we have
been discussing that.
We are able to calculate these very very complex partial derivative we both know the data is like this
don't know the data at the output node times the activation of our own input.
So we ended up with quite a simple equation.
The change of the adulate is equal to the learning rate times the data times the input plus the momentum
times the change in adulate from the previous iteration.
This is why I told you that.
OK.
That tells me is quite term plaques with partial derivatives and so on.
But in the end we are going to end up with an equation where we have just more duplications and some
addition.
OK so maybe you pose a question that what is this learning rate and what is this momentum.
And basically the learning rate is usually initialized to be 0.3.
Is define how fast or algorithm learn if it is too high and then the algorithm converge is forced but
not really accurate.
It may miss global optimum if it is too low.
The algorithm will be slow but more accurate.
So basically there's a trade off if the learning rate is high or the learning rate is too low usually
0.3 is going to work fine for most of the problems.
What about the momentum.
It is usually initialized to be approximately 0.6.
We can escape local minimize or way this momentum.
So this is why it is good this learning great can be good and we can all make this part of the equation
and we can set the momentum to be close to zero.
But this momentum had to avoid local minimums.
For example here as you can see we have a local minima and the global minima and the momentum term hard
to avoid converging to the local optimum.
And it has to make sure that this w adulate will be eventually converge to this optimal solution.
OK.
By the way it doesn't always work.
But anyways this momentum of the fine is how much we are relying on the previous change.
So simply odds are a fraction of the previous weight update to the current one.
Okay if it's too high then it has to increase the speed of convergence of the system.
But it can overshoot the minimum if it's too low.
It cannot avoid local teams and slows down the training.
So there's a tradeoff.
Again better if it's too high or too low.
But basically these are the parameters we have to tune for back propagation.
The learning rate and the momentum.
So if you come to the conclusion that your network is not going to work fine.
Maybe it is because the learning rate and the momentum do not have proper values.
So that's all about back propagation.
And this is the equation of we are going to implement in Java.
We are not going to use this partial derivative because we have come to the conclusion that the gradient
go to the delta dives they import but it is a very very simple equation.
We don't have to bother about higher mathematics.
We just have to specify the learning grade and the momentum and the deviate updates are just going to
be fine.
Thanks for watching.